Foreign business conference, yes young master.
This time all evening conferences, scale space,
Want to find a super Ji Caiting,
It's better to be a full-fledged person, so I,
Then I, good young master,
I just heard about the foreign business conference,
What is that? Family,
You want to roast me over a fire,
After being folded and passed, we are returning to the outside world.
What? There is also a light fire,
Then it can’t be fixed?
I know what you are thinking, if you regret it,
Go back to your outsider master, at least,
He's still relatively late. Young Master
What are you talking about? Wenjietang
How can I compare with you? Many granddaughters said
You a little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny